agent: ChatGpt
Details: 

Prompt: 
Show me an example of a SQL query to get names and email
of members from a database

Chatgpt output: 
SELECT name, email
FROM members;

Prompt: No, I need to retrieve unique values from the database 
Chatgpt suggestion was to use the Distinct Keyword

Chatgpt output:
SELECT DISTINCT name, email
FROM members;

My thoughts:
I need to get the names and emails from the members table
get that unique member from the borrowing table and then
get match it with waitlists table in the database. 

Prompt: How can I use values retrieved from one table's
clauses to connect to another table's.

Gpt output:
 In SQL, you can use the values retrieved from one table's columns to connect to another table's 
 columns by using JOIN clauses. The JOIN operation allows you to combine rows from two or more tables 
 based on a related column between them. Here's a general example:

sql
Copy code
SELECT columns_you_need
FROM table1
JOIN table2 ON table1.column1 = table2.column2;

My thoughts: 
Find unique members from members table, use join to connect members to borrowings and wailists 
use booklist to do that

Prompt: looking for unique members who both borrowed and waitlisted a book. 
Using JOIN to connect members, borrowings, and waitlists based on email and book ID. 
The SELECT DISTINCT statement ensures unique results, and I can use AND statement links conditions 
for email and book ID. Show me an example for this for lets say a loans and reservations system
where I have to connect loans and reservations to a certain borrower

Output:
sql
Copy code
SELECT DISTINCT users.username, users.email
FROM users
JOIN loans ON users.email = loans.borrower_email
JOIN reservations ON users.email = reservations.member_email AND loans.book_id = reservations.book_id;

My thoughts:
users is the table storing member information.
loans is the table storing borrowing records.
reservations is the table storing waitlist records.
I developed the query by replacing these with the respective keywords and then pushed the changes to view the test case
in Github Actions.