agent: ChatGPT
Details:

I need to make a common table expression for penalty counts and calculate
penalty statistics from it. Then display the results.
Need to get total penalties - needs to be distinct 
Need to get paid-penalties - count penalties that have been paid in full
Need to get total-paid amount - sum of paid amounts for penalties which have been paid in full

Prompt:
How can I filter members out that dont have certain traits I'm looking for
to implement a penaltycount table expression to retrieve penalty stats and calculate with it

ChatGPT Help:
The HAVING clause filters out members with no penalties.
Main Query:
It selects and displays the email, total number of penalties, count of paid penalties, and total paid amount for each member.
Use COALESCE to handle cases where the calculated values might be NULL.

My thoughts:
Use Count and Distinct to get the total amount of penalties. Then get penalties that are paid as well
and see if they are >= all the penalties that are racked up in the database. The borrowings table needs to 
be connected to the penalties data.
My final query needs to select members' email addresses and aggregate penalty-related information. 
By employing LEFT JOINs with the 'borrowings' and 'penalties' tables, match penalties with borrowing 
activities based on matching bid values. Then the results need to be grouped by members' email addresses.

Initial Attempt:

SELECT members.email
COUNT(DISTINCT penalties.pid) AS total_penalties
COUNT(DISTINCT CASE WHEN penalties.paid_amount >= penalties.amount THEN penalties.pid END) AS paid_penalties
SUM(CASE WHEN penalties.paid_amount >= penalties.amount THEN penalties.paid_amount ELSE 0 END) AS total_paid_amount
FROM members
LEFT JOIN borrowings ON members.email = borrowings.member
LEFT JOIN penalties ON borrowings.bid = penalties.bid
GROUP BY members.email

Refinement:
Added HAVING clause to filter for members with at least one penalty.
GROUP BY members.email HAVING COUNT(DISTINCT penalties.pid) > 0

Trial and Error:
Adjusted aggregate functions and conditions to refine the counts and calculations.
Experimented with different JOIN conditions and WHERE clauses to capture accurate penalty counts.

